README.md, before:

# AISOLUTIONS Qwik Site

A high-performance marketing funnel built with Qwik that showcases live AI demos and converts visitors into scheduled discovery calls.

## 🚀 Features

- **Lightning Fast**: Sub-1s load times with Qwik resumability
- **Live AI Demos**: Interactive chatbot and AI widgets
- **Conversion Optimized**: Three-page funnel designed for maximum conversion
- **Modern Stack**: Qwik + Qwik City + Tailwind CSS + Supabase
- **Mobile First**: Responsive design optimized for all devices

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── routes/
│   ├── index.tsx          # Landing page (blue theme)
│   ├── demo/index.tsx     # Demo showcase (red theme)
│   ├── join/index.tsx     # Wait-list page (green theme)
│   └── api/join-waitlist/ # API endpoint for form submissions
├── components/
│   ├── NavBar.tsx         # Navigation component
│   ├── Hero.tsx           # Hero section with CTA
│   ├── ValueProps.tsx     # Value proposition cards
│   ├── DemoShowcase.tsx   # Demo tabs container
│   ├── Chatbot.tsx        # Interactive AI chatbot
│   ├── CTAJoinWaitlist.tsx# Call-to-action banner
│   ├── WaitlistForm.tsx   # Email capture form
│   ├── Testimonials.tsx   # Social proof section
│   ├── FAQ.tsx            # Frequently asked questions
│   └── Footer.tsx         # Site footer
├── lib/
│   └── fire-shader.js     # 3D fire effects (Three.js)
└── global.css             # Global styles and animations
```

## 🎨 Design System

### Color Themes

- **Landing Page**: Blue (`bg-blue-600` - #0D6EFD)
- **Demo Page**: Red (`bg-red-600` - #DC3545)
- **Wait-list Page**: Green (`bg-green-600` - #198754)

### Components

- White cards with subtle shadows
- Rounded corners (`rounded-2xl`)
- Hover animations (`hover:scale-105`)
- Fire glow effects for headlines

## 🛠️ Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- pnpm (recommended) or npm

### Installation

1. **Clone and install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   cd path/to/project
   pnpm install
   ```

2. **Start development server:**

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

3. **Build for production:**

   ```bash
   pnpm build
   ```

4. **Preview production build:**

   ```bash
   pnpm preview
   ```

5. **Run ESLint checks:**
   ```bash
   pnpm lint
   ```

## 🔧 Environment Setup

### Supabase Configuration

Create a `.env.local` file with your Supabase credentials:

```env
SUPABASE_URL=https://tpyfvcbudxtjqowwkmhu.supabase.co
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6InRweWZ2Y2J1ZHh0anFvd3drbWh1Iiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE3NTE0NDAzNTYsImV4cCI6MjA2NzAxNjM1Nn0.CYt-h9Oywm8b_GxGQeJKSGOnAIzBIHikX3g6Cg
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=your_service_role_key
```

When deploying to Netlify, define these variables in your site's **Environment Variables** settings so the edge functions can connect to Supabase during runtime.

### Database Schema

```sql
CREATE TABLE waitlist (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
  company_name VARCHAR(255),
  company_size VARCHAR(50),
  pain_point TEXT,
  name TEXT,
  ip_address TEXT,
  created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

## 📊 Performance Targets

- **Load Time**: < 1s on mobile
- **CLS**: < 0.1
- **LCP**: < 1s
- **Lighthouse Score**: 95+

## 🔗 Integrations

- **Supabase**: Wait-list data storage
- **Calendly**: Discovery call scheduling
- **Stripe**: Payment processing for MVP Blueprint
- **PostHog**: Analytics and event tracking

## 📱 Pages Overview

### 1. Landing Page (`/`)

- Hero section with value proposition
- Three key benefits (Speed, Cost Savings, Expertise)
- Company logos and social proof
- Clear CTAs to demo and wait-list

### 2. Demo Page (`/demo/`)

- Interactive AI chatbot demo
- Tabbed interface for future demos
- Strong CTA to join wait-list
- Live demonstration of capabilities

### 3. Wait-list Page (`/join/`)

- Email capture form with validation
- Customer testimonials
- FAQ section
- Calendly embed after successful signup

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Connect GitHub repository
2. Add environment variables
3. Deploy automatically on push

### Manual Build

```bash
pnpm build
pnpm preview
```

## 📈 Analytics Events

- `page_view`: Track page visits
- `demo_interaction`: Chatbot usage
- `waitlist_signup`: Form submissions
- `cta_click`: Button interactions
- `calendly_open`: Scheduling attempts

## 🔒 Security

- Environment variables for sensitive data
- Input validation on all forms
- Rate limiting on API endpoints
- CORS configuration
- Secure headers

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Follow the existing code style
2. Use TypeScript for type safety
3. Test on mobile devices
4. Optimize for performance
5. Update documentation
6. Run `pnpm lint` before committing

## 💡 Improvement Ideas

- Add a dedicated contact page with an embedded form.
- Publish case studies or blog posts to showcase success stories.
- Improve SEO by adding meta tags and structured data.

## 📞 Support

For questions or issues:

- Email: support@aisolutions.com
- Personal: tim.woell@gmail.com | +49 151 64438355 (Call or WhatsApp Tim Wöllmann)
- Documentation: [Internal Wiki]
- Slack: #dev-aisolutions

---

**Built with ❤️ using Qwik for maximum performance and user experience.**

## Netlify

This starter site is configured to deploy to [Netlify Edge Functions](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/overview/), which means it will be rendered at an edge location near to your users.

### Local development

The [Netlify CLI](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/) can be used to preview a production build locally. To do so: First build your site, then to start a local server, run:

1. Install Netlify CLI globally `npm i -g netlify-cli`.
2. Build your site with both ssr and static `npm run build`.
3. Start a local server with `npm run serve`.
   In this project, `npm run serve` uses the `netlify dev` command to spin up a server that can handle Netlify's Edge Functions locally.
4. Visit [http://localhost:8888/](http://localhost:8888/) to check out your site.

### Edge Functions Declarations

[Netlify Edge Functions declarations](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/declarations/)
can be configured to run on specific URL patterns. Each edge function declaration associates
one site path pattern with one function to execute on requests that match the path. A single request can execute a chain of edge functions from a series of declarations. A single edge function can be associated with multiple paths across various declarations.

This is useful to determine if a page response should be Server-Side Rendered (SSR) or
if the response should use a static-site generated (SSG) `index.html` file instead.

By default, the Netlify Edge adaptor will generate a `.netlify/edge-middleware/manifest.json` file, which is used by the Netlify deployment to determine which paths should, and should not, use edge functions.

To override the generated manifest, you can [add a declaration](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/declarations/#add-a-declaration) to the `netlify.toml` using the `[[edge_functions]]` config. For example:

```toml
[[edge_functions]]
  path = "/admin"
  function = "auth"
```

### Addition Adapter Options

Netlify-specific option fields that can be passed to the adapter options:

- `excludedPath` this option accepts a `string` glob pattern that represents which path pattern should not go through the generated Edge Functions.

### Deployments

You can [deploy your site to Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/site-deploys/create-deploys/) either via a Git provider integration or through the Netlify CLI. This starter site includes a `netlify.toml` file to configure your build for deployment.

#### Deploying via Git

Once your site has been pushed to your Git provider, you can either link it [in the Netlify UI](https://app.netlify.com/start) or use the CLI. To link your site to a Git provider from the Netlify CLI, run the command:

```shell
netlify link
```

This sets up [continuous deployment](https://docs.netlify.com/site-deploys/create-deploys/#deploy-with-git) for your site's repo. Whenever you push new commits to your repo, Netlify starts the build process..

#### Deploying manually via the CLI

If you wish to deploy from the CLI rather than using Git, you can use the command:

```shell
netlify deploy --build
```

You must use the `--build` flag whenever you deploy. This ensures that the Edge Functions that this starter site relies on are generated and available when you deploy your site.

Add `--prod` flag to deploy to production.

Commit message:

feat: auto init supabase schema

README.md, after:

# AISOLUTIONS Qwik Site

A high-performance marketing funnel built with Qwik that showcases live AI demos and converts visitors into scheduled discovery calls.

## 🚀 Features

- **Lightning Fast**: Sub-1s load times with Qwik resumability
- **Live AI Demos**: Interactive chatbot and AI widgets
- **Conversion Optimized**: Three-page funnel designed for maximum conversion
- **Modern Stack**: Qwik + Qwik City + Tailwind CSS + Supabase
- **Mobile First**: Responsive design optimized for all devices

## 📁 Project Structure

```
src/
├── routes/
│   ├── index.tsx          # Landing page (blue theme)
│   ├── demo/index.tsx     # Demo showcase (red theme)
│   ├── join/index.tsx     # Wait-list page (green theme)
│   └── api/join-waitlist/ # API endpoint for form submissions
├── components/
│   ├── NavBar.tsx         # Navigation component
│   ├── Hero.tsx           # Hero section with CTA
│   ├── ValueProps.tsx     # Value proposition cards
│   ├── DemoShowcase.tsx   # Demo tabs container
│   ├── Chatbot.tsx        # Interactive AI chatbot
│   ├── CTAJoinWaitlist.tsx# Call-to-action banner
│   ├── WaitlistForm.tsx   # Email capture form
│   ├── Testimonials.tsx   # Social proof section
│   ├── FAQ.tsx            # Frequently asked questions
│   └── Footer.tsx         # Site footer
├── lib/
│   └── fire-shader.js     # 3D fire effects (Three.js)
└── global.css             # Global styles and animations
```

## 🎨 Design System

### Color Themes

- **Landing Page**: Blue (`bg-blue-600` - #0D6EFD)
- **Demo Page**: Red (`bg-red-600` - #DC3545)
- **Wait-list Page**: Green (`bg-green-600` - #198754)

### Components

- White cards with subtle shadows
- Rounded corners (`rounded-2xl`)
- Hover animations (`hover:scale-105`)
- Fire glow effects for headlines

## 🛠️ Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- pnpm (recommended) or npm

### Installation

1. **Clone and install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   cd path/to/project
   pnpm install
   ```

2. **Start development server:**

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

3. **Build for production:**

   ```bash
   pnpm build
   ```

4. **Preview production build:**

   ```bash
   pnpm preview
   ```

5. **Run ESLint checks:**
   ```bash
   pnpm lint
   ```

## 🔧 Environment Setup

### Supabase Configuration

Create a `.env.local` file with your Supabase credentials:

```env
SUPABASE_URL=https://tpyfvcbudxtjqowwkmhu.supabase.co
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJzdXBhYmFzZSIsInJlZiI6InRweWZ2Y2J1ZHh0anFvd3drbWh1Iiwicm9sZSI6ImFub24iLCJpYXQiOjE3NTE0NDAzNTYsImV4cCI6MjA2NzAxNjM1Nn0.CYt-h9Oywm8b_GxGQeJKSGOnAIzBIHikX3g6Cg
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=your_service_role_key
```

The `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` is used during server start to automatically
create the `waitlist` table if it doesn't exist. Ensure the built-in
`execute_sql` RPC is enabled in your Supabase project so the initialization can
run successfully.

When deploying to Netlify, define these variables in your site's **Environment Variables** settings so the edge functions can connect to Supabase during runtime.

### Database Schema

```sql
CREATE TABLE waitlist (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
  company_name VARCHAR(255),
  company_size VARCHAR(50),
  pain_point TEXT,
  name TEXT,
  ip_address TEXT,
  created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT NOW()
);
```

## 📊 Performance Targets

- **Load Time**: < 1s on mobile
- **CLS**: < 0.1
- **LCP**: < 1s
- **Lighthouse Score**: 95+

## 🔗 Integrations

- **Supabase**: Wait-list data storage
- **Calendly**: Discovery call scheduling
- **Stripe**: Payment processing for MVP Blueprint
- **PostHog**: Analytics and event tracking

## 📱 Pages Overview

### 1. Landing Page (`/`)

- Hero section with value proposition
- Three key benefits (Speed, Cost Savings, Expertise)
- Company logos and social proof
- Clear CTAs to demo and wait-list

### 2. Demo Page (`/demo/`)

- Interactive AI chatbot demo
- Tabbed interface for future demos
- Strong CTA to join wait-list
- Live demonstration of capabilities

### 3. Wait-list Page (`/join/`)

- Email capture form with validation
- Customer testimonials
- FAQ section
- Calendly embed after successful signup

## 🚀 Deployment

### Vercel (Recommended)

1. Connect GitHub repository
2. Add environment variables
3. Deploy automatically on push

### Manual Build

```bash
pnpm build
pnpm preview
```

## 📈 Analytics Events

- `page_view`: Track page visits
- `demo_interaction`: Chatbot usage
- `waitlist_signup`: Form submissions
- `cta_click`: Button interactions
- `calendly_open`: Scheduling attempts

## 🔒 Security

- Environment variables for sensitive data
- Input validation on all forms
- Rate limiting on API endpoints
- CORS configuration
- Secure headers

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Follow the existing code style
2. Use TypeScript for type safety
3. Test on mobile devices
4. Optimize for performance
5. Update documentation
6. Run `pnpm lint` before committing

## 💡 Improvement Ideas

- Add a dedicated contact page with an embedded form.
- Publish case studies or blog posts to showcase success stories.
- Improve SEO by adding meta tags and structured data.

## 📞 Support

For questions or issues:

- Email: support@aisolutions.com
- Personal: tim.woell@gmail.com | +49 151 64438355 (Call or WhatsApp Tim Wöllmann)
- Documentation: [Internal Wiki]
- Slack: #dev-aisolutions

---

**Built with ❤️ using Qwik for maximum performance and user experience.**

## Netlify

This starter site is configured to deploy to [Netlify Edge Functions](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/overview/), which means it will be rendered at an edge location near to your users.

### Local development

The [Netlify CLI](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/) can be used to preview a production build locally. To do so: First build your site, then to start a local server, run:

1. Install Netlify CLI globally `npm i -g netlify-cli`.
2. Build your site with both ssr and static `npm run build`.
3. Start a local server with `npm run serve`.
   In this project, `npm run serve` uses the `netlify dev` command to spin up a server that can handle Netlify's Edge Functions locally.
4. Visit [http://localhost:8888/](http://localhost:8888/) to check out your site.

### Edge Functions Declarations

[Netlify Edge Functions declarations](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/declarations/)
can be configured to run on specific URL patterns. Each edge function declaration associates
one site path pattern with one function to execute on requests that match the path. A single request can execute a chain of edge functions from a series of declarations. A single edge function can be associated with multiple paths across various declarations.

This is useful to determine if a page response should be Server-Side Rendered (SSR) or
if the response should use a static-site generated (SSG) `index.html` file instead.

By default, the Netlify Edge adaptor will generate a `.netlify/edge-middleware/manifest.json` file, which is used by the Netlify deployment to determine which paths should, and should not, use edge functions.

To override the generated manifest, you can [add a declaration](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/declarations/#add-a-declaration) to the `netlify.toml` using the `[[edge_functions]]` config. For example:

```toml
[[edge_functions]]
  path = "/admin"
  function = "auth"
```

### Addition Adapter Options

Netlify-specific option fields that can be passed to the adapter options:

- `excludedPath` this option accepts a `string` glob pattern that represents which path pattern should not go through the generated Edge Functions.

### Deployments

You can [deploy your site to Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/site-deploys/create-deploys/) either via a Git provider integration or through the Netlify CLI. This starter site includes a `netlify.toml` file to configure your build for deployment.

#### Deploying via Git

Once your site has been pushed to your Git provider, you can either link it [in the Netlify UI](https://app.netlify.com/start) or use the CLI. To link your site to a Git provider from the Netlify CLI, run the command:

```shell
netlify link
```

This sets up [continuous deployment](https://docs.netlify.com/site-deploys/create-deploys/#deploy-with-git) for your site's repo. Whenever you push new commits to your repo, Netlify starts the build process..

#### Deploying manually via the CLI

If you wish to deploy from the CLI rather than using Git, you can use the command:

```shell
netlify deploy --build
```

You must use the `--build` flag whenever you deploy. This ensures that the Edge Functions that this starter site relies on are generated and available when you deploy your site.

Add `--prod` flag to deploy to production.
